in atlacomulco state of mexico operates the first plant for the recycling of
euros tele our country
The thermal retention and lightness the unicel is a material widely
used to make your contributions of disposable packaging and utensils
will fulfill its function usually end up in the garbage
until a few months ago the government of the city of mexico analyzed how
restrict its use
just like he did with plastic bags
Now it's different
studied the potential of this technology
It is a unicel compactor machine
the first step for recycling
it's time for a headache for everyone
mentality
finally he is already suffering alternative options valdez
it has a producer of disposable cups that the last state slacom
from Mexico
the high school I'm writing on
each product is 95% air and only 5% raw material
That is why it is especially important when wealth can be obtained from the equivalent
to 7 thousand 500 small pacas glasses like this one of 25 kilograms
in Mexico we are pioneers in the sixth
both processes
since we are including the bronze medal that exists in the market
In addition to that the ships that have already been posco sumo in spite of the subscribers
the compacted material is sent to the united states
there not to become new plastic objects
In the first seven months of operation of this plant it has been achieved
gather
85 tons of diesel
the objects that are collected are of local origin schools and companies
nearby in the state of mexico
environmentalists and the government of the city of mexico
study how to get compactors like this
to install them in different parts of the capital
and raise your recycling capacity
as well as abate the problem of garbage
the country just two years
this hour
2 the private
efe the citizens the government we work
to achieve ypf titles
It is estimated that in Mexico
only 2 percent of unicef ​​is reused
11 news rafael guadarrama